Private Policy of Cryofly

Private Policy

Last updated: 16th of October, 2022

This Private Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your
information when You use the service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You

We use Your Personal Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the 
collection and use of information in accordance with this Private Policy.
ther

Personal data collected by Us includes:
 - Your email address give to us you created your Account
 - Your display name which You used to create your Account

Usage Data:
 - The time at which You last accessed our Service while logged into your Account
 - The time at which You created your Account


Cookies

Essential Cookies
These are Persistent Cookies administered by Us. These cookies provide You with Our Service
and enable You to use Your Account. Without these Cookies, the Service cannot be provided to you.
We only use these Cookies to provide you with the service.

These are the only Cookies used by the Service


Use of Your Personal Data

To manage Your Account.
To provide You with personalisation using your display name
To contact You by email to prevent fake Accounts

We will not share any data referring to you to any third parties without your given consent.


Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting your personal data We have collected about you
You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by contacting Us at contact@finleycooper.co.uk

We may need to retain certain information when We have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so, or We hold the right
to refuse the deletion of data when the law doesn't require Us to.


Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child
has provided Us with personal data, please contact us. We will then follow the required steps to make sure
this information is removed from Our servers.

Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other website that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third
party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or pratices of
any third party sites or services.

