Terms and Conditions of Cryofly

Last updated: 16th of October, 2022

Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.

Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalised have their meanings defined below. This definitions
shall apply regardless of tense, possessive forms, or plurality

Definitions

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Our and Us refers to those who manage by the Company
Company refers to Cryofly
Service and Website refers to CryoFly, accessible from https://cryofly.finleycooper.co.uk
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website.
Terms and Conditions (also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement
between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.

Acknowledgement

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company.
These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.

You represent that you are over the age of 13. The Company does not permit those under 13 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company.
Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the
Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.


Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.

The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly,
for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content,
goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.


Termination

We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability,
for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.

Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.


"AS IS" And "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer

The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates
and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties,
whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out
of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing,
the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service
will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software,
applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability
standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation
or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the
information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted
or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided
through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf
of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable
statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You.
But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.


Governing Law

The laws of the United Kingdom, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service.
Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

Usage

You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country other than the United Kingdom and You are a member
of Gordano School

Responsibility

By using the Service, You understand that data collected by the Service is conducted on the behalf of You.
Consequently You accept responsibility and hereafter will be liable from any repercussions that may
ensue in the breaking of the Terms and Conditions and Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) set by Gordano School and Firefly Learning
at the judgement from Gordano School or Firefly Learning which may include but are not limited to: The
termination of Your usage of the Firefly Cloud Learning service; The termination of Your usage of the Gordano School IT
Systems, or other services offered by Gordano School and its respective Lighthouse Schools Partnership.
